# Privacy Policy

**Last Updated: 01/11/2024 dd/mm/yyyy**

smashit.games Pty Ltd (“smashit.games,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) provides virtual reality (“VR”) gaming experiences on gaming platforms (Steam and Oculus Quest).

This Privacy Policy is dedicated to helping you understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information and to help you understand and exercise your privacy rights. smashit.games is the data controller for the personal information we process.

When you provide us with information through our website, game, and social media platforms (collectively called “Services”), we respect your privacy and do our best to protect and manage any personally identifiable information that you may share with us. smashit.games has adopted this Privacy Policy for the purpose of informing you about our policies regarding information collected from our Services. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy before using the website or submitting any information on it.

**Your Acceptance of Our Privacy Policy and Practices**

Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and your consent to the related practices. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and our terms and conditions at will. We disclaim any obligation to advise you of any changes to our Privacy Policy or the terms and conditions, and we suggest that you periodically check for any updates to the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions.

**Personal Information**

smashit.games may collect data from you that you voluntarily provide, including your first name, email address, platform username, profile image, Discord ID, type/model of VR headset, and other relevant information. We do not rent, share, or sell your information to any third party, for any reason, except as provided herein. Contact information that we collect may be used for our own internal tracking purposes and to provide you with information that you may be interested in.

Information that is not personal or associated with any personally identifiable data, such as questions, comments, ideas, and suggestions, shall be deemed to be non-confidential, and smashit.games shall be free to disclose and use it for any purpose, without any obligation to you.

**Non-Identifiable Information**

We may also use technology known as “cookies” or any other technology that tracks your travel through our site. Most browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may reset your browser so that these cookies are not accepted; however, if you do so, some of the functions of the website may be impaired.

Data gathered through cookies and web server logs may include information such as the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at the site, your computer’s operating system and browser software, and the sites visited just before and after our website. We do not use this information to determine the individual identity of any visitor.

- **Cookies and Web Technologies**

  A “cookie” is a small text file that identifies your computer or device. When you visit our website, unique cookies are placed on your browser. A web beacon is a technology with a unique identifier that is typically contained in a small graphic file in a web page or in an email. We may use these technologies to identify that you have logged into the website, to suggest content and products that may be of interest to you, and to monitor the aggregate usage of our website. We also use these technologies to measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and to improve our website by recognizing which pages are visited and whether those visits result in purchases.

- **Interest-Based Advertising**

  We work with advertising partners who may use technologies such as cookies to gather browsing information about you when you visit the website for the purpose of targeting our advertising to your unique interests. Our advertising partners may also gather information about your visits to other websites to gather information about your individual interests. We, as well as our advertising partners, may use this information to advertise our products to you on other websites that you visit or in emails that we send to you.

- **Analytics**

  We may also use Google Analytics and other service providers to collect information regarding visitor behavior and demographics. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit [www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). You can opt out of Google’s processing of data generated by your use of the Store by visiting [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

**Surveys, Sweepstakes, and Promotions**

On our Services, you may be able to participate in surveys, sweepstakes, and other promotions. If you choose to participate in any of these, we may ask you to provide information such as your Discord ID, platform username, email address, and other relevant information. We use this information to administer our contests, sweepstakes, and other promotions. We also may use the information to communicate with you about our products, services, and promotions.

**Children’s Privacy**

Our Services are not directed to children, nor does smashit.games intentionally collect or maintain any personal information from children under the age of 13.

**Legally Required Disclosure of Information**

Although we strive to preserve the privacy of our visitors, we may be compelled to disclose personal information when required by law in situations where we have a good-faith belief that such action is legally required to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal matter.

**Third-Party Sites**

This Policy only applies to information collected by smashit.games through the website and does not extend to any third-party websites or communications that may reference this website.

**Your California Privacy Rights**

This privacy notice for California residents supplements the information contained in this Privacy Policy of smashit.games and its subsidiaries and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.

a. The CCPA provides consumers certain privacy rights:

- (i) Access to their personal information;
- (ii) Deletion of their personal information;
- (iii) Additional details about our information practices;
- (iv) The categories of personal information sold in the preceding twelve (12) months and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold;
- (v) The categories of personal information shared within the preceding twelve (12) months;
- (vi) To opt out of the “sale” of their personal information;
- (vii) To not be discriminated against.

b. California consumers who use our website under this Privacy Policy may, no more than twice in a twelve (12) month period and at no cost to them, request a report from smashit.games which details the personal information collected about them and the recipients, if any, of that information. Requests may be sent by email to [support@smashit.games](mailto:support@smashit.games). California consumers may, at any time, request that smashit.games delete their personal data via the same email address.

c. Although we do not sell personal information, smashit.games may be considered to “sell,” as defined by CCPA, your personal data to other affiliates of smashit.games, as described in their respective privacy notices, for the purposes of marketing and selling smashit.games products. You may, at any time, request that your information not be shared between smashit.games affiliates for commercial purposes by emailing “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” in the subject line to the email address below.

d. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.

**Supplemental Notice for Nevada Residents**

Residents of the State of Nevada have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. If you have any questions, please contact us at the address below.

**GDPR Rights**

smashit.games undertakes to respect the confidentiality of your personal data and to guarantee that you can exercise your related privacy rights. You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law, if you are located in the European Union (EU), to:

- Request access to your personal data
- Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you
- Object to the processing of your personal data
- Request the erasure of your personal data
- Request the transfer of your personal data
- Withdraw your consent

You may exercise your GDPR rights by contacting us. Please note that we may ask for verification of your identity before responding to your request. Should you make such a request, we will respond to you as soon as possible.

You have the right to file a complaint with a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal data if you are located within the European Economic Area (EEA). Please contact your local Data Protection Authority for more information.

**Contact Us**

If you have questions and/or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

[support@smashit.games](mailto:support@smashit.games)
